

Fear Itself
Card Text

Allies

Greithoth, Breaker of Wills (Absorbing Man)
Enemy of Asgard

Mace of Chains. Cost 3, Instincts. When you throw this, you get +2 Recruit.

Absorb Metal. Cost 3, 1+2 Attack. Covert. If you control an Artifact, you get +2 Attack.

Break the Will to Resist. Cost 5, 3+1X Attack. Strength. Covert: Each player discards the bottom card of their deck. You get +1 Attack per non-grey card discarded this way.

Body of Uru. Cost 7, 4 + 1X Attack. Covert. You gain Attack equal to the number of Artifacts controlled by all players and in the Lair.


Kuurth, Breaker of Stone (Juggernaut)
Enemy of Asgard

Unstoppable Sledge. Cost 4. Ranged. Thrown Artifact. When you throw this, you get +2 Attack.

Reach for Power. Cost 4. 2+2 Recruit. Strength. Reveal the top or bottom card of your deck. If it costs four or more, you get +2 Recruit.

Contest of Strength. Cost 5. 3+2 Attack. Strength. Enemy of Asgard: Discard the top card of any player’s deck, then reveal the top or bottom card of your deck. If the latter revealed card is equal to or greater than the first card in cost, you get +2 Attack.

Break Every Bone. Cost 7. 0+X Attack. Reveal a card in your hand, the top card of your deck and bottom card of your deck. You get Attack equal to their combined Cost.


Nerkkod, Breaker of Oceans (Attuma)
Enemy of Asgard

Pull of the Tides. Cost 3, 2 Recruit. Strength. You may move an Adversary to an adjacent city space. If there’s another Adversary there, swap them.

Feed My Undersea Legions. Cost 4, 2 Attack. Covert. Whenever you defeat an Adversary on the Bridge this turn, you may KO a card in your hand or discard pile. If you do, gain a New Recruit.

Cudgel of the Deep. Cost 5. Ranged. Thrown Artifact. When you throw this Artifact, you get +3 Attack usable only against an Adversary on the Bridge or the Commander.

Break Their Loyalties. Cost 7, 5 Attack. Instincts. Enemy of Asgard: Each other player reveals their hand. Choose a New Recruit or Madame Hydra from each hand and put it in yours.


Nul, Breaker of World (Hulk)
Enemy Hydra

Demolition Derby. Cost 3, 2 Recruit. Strength. Strength: Choose a player to Demolish. If he/she discards a card this way, draw a card.

Otherworldly Mace. Cost 4. Instincts. Thrown Artifact. When you throw this, you get +2 Attack per Strength card you played this turn.

Nul Smarsh! Cost 6, 4 Attack. Say “Nul Smash!” Then each player slaps a hand to the table. The last player to do so other than you gets a Bindings.

Break the World. Cost 8, Attack 6. Knock out two cards from your hand and/or discard pile. For each Bindings knocked out this way, demolish each other player.


Skadi (Sin)
Hydra

Dark Prophecy. Cost 3, 2 Recruit. Tech. Tech: gain a Madame Hydra.

Ancient Oath of Hydra. Cost 5, 1 Attack. Tech. You may discard a Hydra card. If you do, draw two cards.

Hammer of the Serpent. Cost 5. Strength. Thrown Artifact. When thrown, you get +2 Attack per card you discarded this turn.

War Banner of Hydra. Cost 7. Thrown Artifact. When thrown, you get +1 Attack per Hydra card you played this turn.



Skirn, Breaker of Men (Titania)
Enemy of Asgard

Towering Leader. Cost 3, Instincts. Gain two New Recruits. Instincts: gain a third New Recruit.

Underhanded Dealings. Cost 4, 2 Attack. Covert. Look at the bottom card of your deck. Discard it or put it back. Covert: Draw a card from the bottom of your deck.

Titanic Bludgeon. Cost 2. Ranged. Thrown Artifact. When you throw this, you get +1 Attack per card you’ve drawn this turn.

Break Your Hopes. Cost 7, 4 Attack. Strength. Each player reveals a Covert Ally or discards a card. For each card discarded this way, you draw a card.


Adversaries

The Mighty
Black Widow

3* Attack
4 VP

Two Uru Weapons.

Fight or Fail: If Black Widow’s Weapons revealed any Bystanders, kidnap them.


Doctor Strange

5* Attack
4 VP

One Uru Weapon

Ambush: Reveal the top three cars of the Adversary. Put the one with the highest VP on top and the other two on bottom in any order.

Fight or Fail: Get +2 Recruit.


Hawkeye

3* Attack
2 VP

One Uru Weapon

Fight or Fail: Choose one: either each other player draws a card or each other player discards a card.


Iron Fist

3* Attack
2 VP

One Uru Weapon

If his Uru weapon revealed an Adversary, knock out one of your allies.


Ms. Marvel

4* Attack
3 VP

One Uru Weapon

Fight or Fail: if her weapon revealed a Strike or Twist, play it.

Overrun: each player reveals a Ranged ally or gains a Bindings.


Red She-Hulk

4* Attack
2 VP

One Uru Weapon

Fight or Fail: if her Weapon revealed an Adversary, put it in your victory pile.



Spider-Man

2* Attack
3 VP

Two Uru Weapons

Fight or Fail: play all cards revealed by Spider-Man’s weapon that are worth two or less VP.

Overrun: Each player gains a Bindings.


Wolverine

5* Attack
6 VP

Two Uru Weapons

Fight or Fail: Draw two cards.

Overrun: Each player reveals an Instincts ally or gains a Bindings. Then put Wolverine on top of the Adversary Deck.


Commander

Uru-Enchanted Iron Man

Attack: 7*
6 VP

Always leads the Mighty.

Strike: Demolish each player. Then stack this Strike next to Uru-Enchanted Iron Man. He has 1 Uru weapon per Strike.

Armor of the Destroyer. For each Tech Ally you have, demolish each other player.

Pepper Potts in Rescue Armor. A Bystander from the stack becomes a Strike that takes effect immediately.

Quantum Inventions. Draw two cards. Then if you reveal a Tech card, draw two more cards.

Repulsor Coils. Each other player reveals a Tech ally or gains a Bindings.


Plot: Fear Itself

10 Twists.

Earth’s Fear Level starts at 8. The number of Allies in the Lair is always equal to the Fear Level.

Twist: Earth’s Fear Level drops by one.

Good Wins: When the Fear Level reaches 0.


Last Stand at Avengers’ Tower

8 Twists.

Twists: Stack this Twist above the Rooftops as Stark Tech Defenses. If there’s an Adversary in the Rooftops, the current player chooses three Allies in the Lair and knocks them out.

Adversaries on the Rooftops get +1 Attack per Stark Tech Defenses.

Good Wins: If 13 non-grey allies are knocked out.

Traitor

Two or more players only. 8 Twists, plus a Betrayal deck of three Bindings per player plus a ninth Twist.

Twists 1-3: If the Traitor hasn’t been revealed, each player gets a card from the Betrayal deck face down and looks at it.

During their turn, any player can reveal the Plot Twist from their Betrayal hand to reveal himself or herself as the Traitor. All other players gain the Bindings from their Betrayal hands. During his/her turn, the Traitor can spend 4 Attack to play the next card from the Adversary Deck any number of times.

Twist 8: Good wins, as does the Traitor, who reveals himself if he or she hasn’t.

If another player wins, the Traitor reveals himself or herself and loses.
